NAME:			MultipleFileScripting
LAST UDPATED:	$Date: 2006/12/18 12:16:26 $
UPDATED BY:		$Author: da $
REPORTER:		da
STATUS:			unresolved

DESCRIPTION:

Multiple-file scripting properly doesn't colour dependent files.
Files should be coloured properly on reload (currently they're sometimes pink
[test case missing]). 

Note: A, B, D are independent.  C depends on A and B. 

If in doubt with these test cases (previous description in main repo was
WRONG), please check against Proof General Emacs, which does the Right Thing.

TEST CASE processing:

1. Open C.thy.  Process first line which imports A,B.
2. Open A.thy and B.thy.  Both should be coloured blue.
   (And also if already open in editor).
3. D.thy is independent, and shouldn't be coloured.

- TEST RESULT 2006-11-30:
  Performs correctly, even after repeated retractions and retractions.
  TEST 2006-12-18:
  But *not* if already open in editor and not added to ControlledDocuments.
  Try 1,2 above and then restarting scripting.  Restarting should clear
  state (currently leaves C.thy blue: need to close and re-open to get
  right state).  
  Re-processing should colour A.thy and B.thy in existing editors,
  currently does not.

  SUGGESTION: it seems that ControlledDocuments is not controlling enough
  documents.  We probably need to map over *all* documents there instead.

TEST CASE retracting:

1. After processing C completely, undo either A.thy or B.thy with retract button
2. Now C should be unlocked, as it depends on A and B.

- TEST RESULT 2006-11-30:
  Performs correctly; unlocking A does not unlock B and vice versa, but does retract C.

TEST CASE retracting:

1. After processing C completely, undo C completely with retract button
2. A and B should *not* be unlocked (i.e. they remain blue).

- TEST RESULT 2006-11-30:
  Performs correctly.

TEST CASE re-opening processed file:

1. After (completely) processing any file, close and re-open in the editor.
2. Blue coloured state should be restored.  

- TEST RESULT 2006-11-30:
  Performs correctly.  However buggy behaviour when closing a script which has not been fully processed.

FURTHER INFORMATION:


FIX NEEDED:

  Code for managing multiple file scripting, should respond to 
  informfileprocessed, informfileretracted messages
  sent by Isabelle.  Idea is to keep set of 
  completely processed files in Eclipse and lock/unlock them 
  atomically once undo history has been lost. (Undo history is lost
  when a file is completed).
  
  This has now been implemented.  Correct handling of paths required
  an update in Isabelle.
  
