NAME:			ProcessedPosition
LAST UDPATED:	$Date: 2006/12/18 10:53:01 $
UPDATED BY:		$Author: da $
REPORTER:		da
STATUS:			unresolved

DESCRIPTION:

 Issues editing around processed position. Adding a command and then
 deleting it doesn't seem to work and gets stuck trying to process old command.
 
TEST CASE:

* Part processing error:
  Start Proof General for Eclipse
  Load a file and partly process it.
  Add a junk line after blue region (e.g. "qed").
  Process next step, get error.  Now delete erroneous line.
 
* See NewTheory.thy

FURTHER INFORMATION:

 Note: marker stays present, outline view still shows deleted element.
 Seems impossible to delete element?
 
 6.12.06: On re-examination with the simple case in NewTheory.thy,
 this doesn't seem so bad now.  The outline view doesn't get updated 
 at the right point, which is confusing.
 But the document seems to have the right content now, and not
 send the wrong content.   [If this is wrong, we should add a concrete
 test case here!]
 
 18.12.06: The remaining problem (1 below) occurs only when the user attempts to type more text directly
 on the processed boundary.  If a new token is detected, by typing a space character
 for instance, the new token takes the correct formatting.  Otherwise the region is
 extended.  A fix for this would be to end tokens unconditionally when the prover says so.
 This latter problem may be related to the position that the parse tree is
 reported as having changed from.   It isn't present in the state-markers version.
 It is different from the editing glitches seen previously (where the editor contents
 did not match the text that was sent to the prover: this seems to be solved now). 

 Related problems:
  1. Editing at end of blue region extends it, which corrupts it.
  2. Parsing with the parse button in the outline view gives parse
  errors in dialog!  It should behave just as the parsing does before processing.
  [Updating the parse in the processed region is probably a bad idea,
   although it could be used as a consistency check.]
  

FIX NEEDED:

  1. OBO error in document's replace method?
  2. Remove error dialog
  
 